i
Wuhan University
I'm a grandmaster now.
Please tell me what exactly happened five years ago
Xiaoming pays for you
That's not what I wanted.
I hope
Can you take the patent of our Lu family?
chase back
patent
Right
This is a forced power
Fast motor technology
With this technology
A new energy vehicle
Just carry a solar panel on your back
You can drive without limit
I'm going to cook first
People on the street have to admit it.
I did want to give it to you before
But you don't have to be proud too soon
What do you want to do?
Don't you think of Shuxin Egg?
Excuse me?
You might have to call me mom later
What do you mean?
You want to know?
If you really want to know
Then with comfortable eggs
Come back and see his father together